[Music]
I'm Jerry Lundegaard at the car you bet
brand-new burnt numbers here
you want your own wife kidnap her dad
he's real well all those so wanna just
ask him for the money
see these are personal matters personal
matter Jerry I don't know what to do
it's my wife we gotta talk it's
something thought geez it's terrible I'm
sure that I agree with you a hundred
percent on your police work there little
I think that vehicle there probably had
dealer plates yes
PLR Normandy said no cops here's the
second one
trooper pull someone over it's a new
pattern certainly is officer so got that
smell there's a high-speed pursuit we
got a shooting and then this execution
type deal man dollars a lot of damn
money they got my daughter so much
Margie
oh yeah looks pretty good that's Jean
was chained my wife well the little guy
he was kind of funny like them who you
were having sex with a little sullivan
yeah
[Music]
the Lundegaard mind if I sit down thank
what a load them wet Jerry does it that
money no where's my daughter I answered
the darkness I'm cooperating here you
have no Carl to get snippy with me I'm
just doing my job here Oh what do you
fellas got yourself mixed up in whoa
is there anything else you can tell me
about him he wasn't circumcised oh yeah
[Music]